
And just before I get into it, this whole thing's going to be recorded, the audio is going to be kept private, the video is going to be kept private, it's just image stills might end up on the internet. Are you comfortable with that? Yes. But aside from that, everything else in this interview will be kept private.

Awesome. You're cool with being recorded? Yes, I am cool with being recorded. Awesome.

And I got that on camera. So okay, just to get started, can you introduce yourself and briefly describe any information you feel like sharing? Sure. I'm Aiden Robertson. 

I'm 20. I currently attend UCSB as an Environmental Studies major. And this is important about me. 

I have the worst glee brain rot right now. So bad. We have three episodes left.

Of the whole thing? The whole thing. I don't know what I'm going to do. I identify, I guess as aro ace. 

I feel like I always come to terms with the label and then I'm like, well, maybe not. Maybe that's not true. So.

Yeah, that that is the next question. Um, yeah. How would you define your gender and sexuality? You've answered the sexuality part, I guess.

Gender wise, I am a cis woman. I've definitely been in moments of like, is this true? But I think every time that has come into question, like, yeah, yeah. So but interesting to question it for a moment and then come to a conclusion.

And then where are you living right now? And where did you grow up? What is your home community? Currently, I live in Isla Vista, 6'6", Picasso. It's really fun. I live with my besties.

And I grew up in SoCal, so a little town called Cypress, California. The way I describe it to people is like, between Long Beach and Winnipeg vibes. 15 minutes from Knott's Berry Farm, 20 minutes from Disneyland, very much like in the center of it all. 

But it is also just like, that's a suburb. Like, I go home and I'm like, I'm going to go to Target, I guess. Not entirely sure what to do here. 

But yeah. Very fair. And then is there any more demographic information you'd like to share before we get into it? I'm white.

This is a point of contention for a lot of my friends who don't believe me. And also their parents who don't believe me. And it is not one of my favorite things, but it is definitely really interesting to meet somebody and then be there when they learn that I am, in fact, white. 

I think I definitely made that assumption. And I, off the record, would like to apologize for making that assumption. I don't care. 

I've learned the error of my ways. I just, I think it's really funny. Yeah, fair. 

And then getting into the meat of it, how do you present yourself in terms of your gender and sexuality in the where you currently live, aka Isla Vista and UCSB? I think I present my gender as I always have. I don't think I'm particularly feminine. I just kind of do whatever I want to do.

I don't feel particularly strong about that. I think I've definitely, as I've gotten older, become more comfortable with feminine things. I was very much into the not like other girls.

I'm not going to wear makeup. I'm not going to be interested in the fashion thing when I was 13. I used to have, well, I guess I still kind of have like a, it's like a Google Doc that I've been updating every year since I was in eighth grade.

And it's like, you can see me just go through it, where it's like, dear future me. I hope it's a future me type of situation. And it's like, this is what's going on with me right now. 

I hope I'm not like this when I grow up. And I'm like, and there I am. I've definitely done the same. 

There's something especially damaging about reading the exact situation you're struggling with three years ago, and then saying, wow, I hope you've gotten better at this. No, no, no, I haven't. Yeah. 

So when comparing your past and present self, like what were those things that your past self was saying? Like, dear future me. I think a lot of what's in there in the beginning is me working through my relationships with like people I was friends with, or people that I thought that I was romantically interested in, or like they were interested in me. And I was like, how do I deal with this? I think the most notable example is I was friends with this guy in my eighth grade English class.

I was about to drop his name, but I won't. And we started emailing over school emails. We were buddies. 

And then at the end of the school year, it was like, he put his phone number in my yearbook. So it's there forever. And he was like, let's continue talking over summer. 

And I'm like, cool, I have a friend. And then he was like, hey, by the way, I've liked you this whole time. And I'm 13. 

That's the first time I've had someone express interest in me like that. So I was like, what do I do? So I totally forgot the question you asked me in the first place. I just started talking.

Keep talking. I feel like it was a weird moment for me. Like, being that age and then having to like, navigate through that. 

Because I think that was one of the first times where I was like, I don't know if I'm experiencing these feelings the way that like, everyone else is. It's like, I feel like I should be reciprocating this. Like we have a great friendship and relationship. 

Like I like talking to this guy. I assume this means that I like him. And I told myself that. 

And I think I think I told him that. But then I was kind of like, playing into a role. You know? Um, I don't really remember what ended up happening with that. 

We went into high school. We hung out a little bit. And then it was like, just kind of fizzled.

Now, was part of your original question, like, how do I express myself now? Yeah. How do you present yourself in Isla Vista and in UCSB? Yeah. Okay, I already talked about how I present myself gender wise. 

Sexuality wise, I feel like, I don't know, my personal experience with being artist is like, it's not something that's as physically performed as I feel like a lot of other sexualities are. Like, I know they're like stereotypes, but like, people that like, dress gay or like, this is like a queer person. I, I feel like there's not those kinds of like, physical or like attire types of stereotypes for various people. 

So I don't know if I play into those. But like, I'm definitely more comfortable with myself here. I think it's part of like, being away from home in part. 

I am growing older in an environment that is supportive of me. I have little things like I wore the necklace. But I think other parts of it are like, I found people that I can talk to about, or like that I share things with like you, like Leslie.

So I don't know, that's how I'm feeling about here. And then you talked about this briefly, but how have you presented your gender and sexuality in your home community? And this question applies to both past and presently. Um, let's see. 

Sexuality, it wasn't. How do I, how do I describe this? How do I start this? It wasn't really something that I came to terms with until I was in college. But I was identifying as queer for like, all of high school, pretty much just in varying ways that are no longer applicable to me. 

But I think I performed those in some ways. It was definitely like the part of the internet of like, I feel like the most standout part is like, TikTok era 2020. Like, I don't, I don't know how to describe that. 

But that is actually my next question. Yeah, which is presenting gender and sexuality online, both in the past and the present. And I have no familiarity with 2020 TikTok, ace talk, I don't know.

It wasn't ace talk. I wasn't identifying as ace then. I think it was more just like, there was this, like, when TikTok was really taking off, there was like this, like, you're on different TikToks. 

And it was like, like, gay TikTok, or like, I don't know, like straight TikTok. And then they started like branching off into even like further things. I guess it was like, well, TikTok or something, I don't know. 

But I was definitely like, watching videos and being like, okay, like, this is how people are. I, like, I don't necessarily want to be them. But I want to perform similarly to them, because I can tell, I can like, visibly see that they're queer. 

And like, I want to be perceived like that. So online, I don't know, I think it's weird. I have mixed feelings about, like, performing gender and sexuality online. 

I think, especially the way that I feel about being aromantic is like, I feel like it's a very personal thing, in a way that like, being gay, or, for example, like, maybe is not as much. I don't know if that's because of like, the way that I was, the way that I started understanding what being aromantic and asexual is. But I always felt like, it's not, it's like, it's not a personal preference. 

But it's like, these are things that maybe I don't need to share with people. Which, I have mixed feelings about that also. No, that's, this is great. 

That's, that's the first three chunk of questions. Presenting yourself currently in Ivy, presenting yourself in your home community, and then presenting yourself online. So if that batch of questions is done, I will move on to the next. 

I'm also going to move the camera. Okay. All right, next batch of questions is, I guess, what are the differences and similarities between how you present in these spaces? But if this question is not that applicable, then jumping off point for Convo.

Yeah. It's, it's tough, because I feel like I can't compare them because I was in very different places, like with myself, and like how I felt about myself and how I identified in different, like when I was living in different spots, you know. But I definitely feel more comfortable here.

Like, and I think that is just a part that it's like, I have friends here that are in the same situation or like can understand me and that I can talk to people about. But at home, it's like, like, I'm not going to talk to my parents about this. Like, I have, I don't think I'm really going to feel comfortable talking to my friends from home about it. 

Just like, well, one of them. I don't know if I'm in a Laura moment, but I feel like a large part of the reason that I, it took me a little bit longer to feel comfortable, like, identifying myself was because of the way that I saw my friends reacting to other people being asexual. And I, I like saw them being like, that's not real or like they need to like, take time. 

And I was like, okay, well, obviously that can't be me because I don't want to upset my friends, you know? So I still feel like I have some hangups on like talking to them about it, but overall consensus here. Yeah. And you mentioned that they were coming into this with like, I guess they had their own personal stereotypes about what being ace is, but they didn't necessarily have those about other gender identities or sexualities. 

Really? Okay. My friends are, it's a pretty queer group, I would say. Like the group at the time was, I think three gay men, bisexual women, and then straight identifying people.

But, and I was, I was identifying as bisexual at the time and then I transitioned into identifying as lesbian. The pipeline. It's N2, but the pipeline. 

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. 

I never really picked up on them having those preconceived notions about other queer identities, but I don't know if that was because they weren't being brought up into conversations or if they just like, didn't have the space to express those things or if I wasn't picking up on them because I wasn't like thinking that I was identifying as that. Like, I wasn't paying as much attention to those things, but I never, I never really picked up on them being like, them having those opinions about other genders. So it was definitely weird.

And then the next question, okay, you've already answered this, which is just, which space do you feel most comfortable or authentic presenting yourself? Right here, right here, right now. And then you've also, again, kind of referenced this, but have your identities remained static over time? Obviously not. And if not, how has your home environment, current environment, and I guess, most importantly, online environment shaped your experience of your own gender identity? You don't have to, if you don't want this on camera. 

I like talking to you about this. Okay. Okay. 

And I have only ever told Leslie about this. So you're getting like exclusive information. But I guess like the first time that I really thought about myself, maybe being ace was, it was like one of those like passing thought things in like eighth grade. 

And I was like, huh. And then I was like, well, I'm like, I'm not gonna think about this right now. Like this isn't something that I really want to delve into. 

So like, okay, I'll just like push this aside. And then it came to the forefront of my mind again, probably in late 2020, early 2021, where I was like, I noticed my friends having like conversations or like being into things that I definitely wasn't into. Like lots of like sexual conversations of like, this guy is so hot. 

Don't you think this guy is attractive? Or like this girl? And I'm like, pretty. Yeah. What do you want from me? I'm like 15. 

You know, I was 16. Anyway, whatever. But like around that time was also when there was like the pressure of my friends being like young people shouldn't be identifying as ace because they haven't had that experience yet. 

Or like they're too young. They don't know. And I was like, okay, I'm just going to compound these things. 

And I'm like, that's definitely not me. I can't like I can't identify like that because I need like, that's true. Then like, my friends will support me. 

And I don't know. I think I'm also like a conflict avoiding person. So I didn't really want to like, go into that situation. 

But okay, I got really, really, really into watching this one Among Us YouTuber. Okay, don't you don't have to name a name. I will. 

I won't restrict you. It was like, a little bit past when Among Us had been popular, like for us to play, but there were still people like Twitch streaming it. And so I would watch this guy's videos on YouTube, like every single video that came out, I would watch it like within a day, which is considering that I don't go on YouTube like that often. 

It was bad. But I was watching like, I don't know why I like I liked this guy so much. He just like the way that he fought through all the problems was so fascinating to me. 

He was really good at the game. And I was like, wow, this guy's so cool. And at some point on the stream, like he was talking about his sexuality.

And he's like, I'm, I'm asexual. I'm biromantic. And I was like, whoa. 

Like, this guy is that too. I think that was probably the first time that I had heard someone admit it like verbally. Because you read a lot of like, maybe not, maybe don't even like read a lot. 

But like, you get some accounts of like, Instagram infographics, or like, this is what it is. Like, this is the definition of this. But that was the first time that I had heard someone be like, I identified this way.

And he was like, 21 or something. And I was like, wow, this young person, or I guess old to me at the time, like, feels so strongly about his sexuality that like, he feels comfortable admitting it to like, his thousands of stream watchers and also his friends on the voice call. I don't know. 

And then there was like a clip circulating of like, this guy, this guy asexual, this guy biromantic. And he like explained it to his friends, because they were like, what is that? I don't know what that means. And he explained it. 

And they were like, Oh, cool. I was like, that is such a nice reaction. Like, that is so great. 

And shortly after that, I came to college. And then I was like meeting new people. And then going through the thing of like, these people are also maybe experiencing feelings that I don't know if I experienced. 

But then at that point, I was like, then maybe it's okay for me to single myself out and be like, then I think there might be something a little different about me. And I think I'm asexual. And then it was real, real tough couple of weeks there where I was like, Oh, fuck.

I think we've talked about this before. Just like, a little bit of grief. Almost. 

Yeah. Yeah. That and the self gaslighting. 

Yeah. Yeah. So I definitely was 18, living in San Nicolas dorm with in a double. 

And then I was like, going to be alone forever. I've missed out on everything. Like I've disappointed my parents.

Like, I hadn't told anyone yet. Because it's like, I was just coming to terms with it myself. So it's just like, I think at the end of that year, my freshman year, I met Leslie.

And well, I had like known of Leslie, but she had posted one of the first things she told me was like, there's like three things you need to know about me. Like, she's like, I'm really jumpy, which is true. Like, if you speak up behind her, she's gonna leap. 

She's like, my mom is dead. Okay. And then she was like, I'm asexual. 

And I was like, cool. I'm like, it was that was, I think the second time that I'd heard someone like, say that verbally. And I was like, Leslie is so cool to just like, feel comfortable enough to say that to people that she doesn't really know. 

Which I think also gets into my thing of like, I feel weird about coming out to people or like telling people because I don't know if it really applies to them or like, is knowledge that they need to have. But anyway, but after that, I like, a little bit of time went past and I was like, in the back of my mind, I was like, Leslie is asexual. So am I. And then on Ace Awareness Day or something, I messaged her like, Happy Ace Day. 

She's like, how did you know that? And then began a lifelong friendship. So that's what I have so far. That's a, those are both really good stories. 

Thank you. Also, that's like, not embarrassing at all. I think.

I just, I think the association with Among Us YouTuber really, really like brings it down multiple levels. Maybe that's, maybe that's the bit. Maybe that's the bit.

Every other part is like, I think the Among Us YouTuber adds something though. It's a little bit of extra something. Yeah, it's like, you say those words and I know exactly what like, year and time period, you know? I don't know. 

It's, it's very nice. Thank you. So I guess in both of these circumstances, like, what helped you feel more comfortable is seeing somebody else who identified the same way you did.

Yeah. But being open about it and being confident about it. Yeah.

And having other people react not weirdly to it. Yes, absolutely that. Yeah.

I do wish I could be that for people. But I still have my hang ups on. Very fair.

And then we didn't go into this so much fully. But after discussing these previous questions, identity both online and offline, I guess. Not fully, but a little bit.

What do you think the future of asexuality looks like both in person and online? That's tough. It's very open ended. I don't know, I don't really see there being like an active movement for like, asexuality awareness, like, or like, bringing people to understand it more.

Like, I see people that are like, remember, this is what it is. It's not this, which is true. But then it's like, there's no really building past that.

Or there's not really like a central community, I feel like. I don't know, I always kind of feel like we're on the outskirts of the queer community. And I'm like toeing the line between like, like, I feel like I identify as queer, but I feel like I'm not as queer as a majority of other people.

I don't know. I want to believe that, I don't know, it's tough to imagine like progress online, because I feel like we're there, like, everything that could be made is maybe there, like, like infographic wise. I think what I would want to see is like, what we were talking about earlier of like, like, explicit like, asexual life experience, or like allegory, or like any type of thing in a popular media that you don't have to go like, searching through, like searching for, you know, of just like, this is an experience that people have.

And it's not something that's like, like, I don't know, like books about people coming to terms with their asexuality is fine. But I also want something where it's just like, this is just a fact about them. And then the story is something else.

And then like their ace experiences play into that, play into their story, or like, inform their decisions, but it's not the main plot point. And it's not like the cause of drama. Like, it's just how they are.

I think we, we both kind of identified like common themes in our experiences. Like, having the influence of positive role models. For me, there was someone I knew who was a Tumblr mutual who was like, very open about being ace and like, very confident in their identity.

13, which was wild to me, which was wild to me. So I was 13. I think they were like 14, 15.

So I was logging on to like, send my little asks or whatever. Yeah, you're like this young person. Yeah.

So much older than I am by like, one or two years. Yeah. But that was kind of my beacon.

And I'm glad that my first exposure to this identity was somebody who was proud and confident. And positive about it. Yeah, 100%.

It's also, I feel it's so much different when it's like, one person versus like, this is a general post about what asexuality is. Because like, that can help you find a word, but it's not gonna help you feel Yeah. Like accepted or good about it, I guess.

Yeah. That and like, I don't see the negative themes talked about a whole lot. Like that sense of loneliness, that sense of grief, the sense of self gaslighting.

I don't know if I had ever really talked to someone about it before you. You know, like, all of those things. I think the part that like, impacted me the most was the grief of it, where I was like, all my life, I thought, like, I'm going to fall in love with someone.

And maybe we'll get married. And it'll be like, really beautiful. And I'll have like a partner for life, you know.

And then you find out like, maybe that's not what I want. But then you like, you do, you want it in a sense. I don't know.

I feel like it kind of uprooted a lot of like, what I had visions for in the future. Because it's like, now I don't know where I'm going to go afterwards. You know.

And if a model had existed of what those kinds of experiences could be. Dude, I wish. Yeah.

I feel like that would have made me feel so much better about it. Or like, helped me work through it. I had to like, I worked through it on my own.

And then like, talking with Leslie about it. Oh, I guess. Okay, you're not the first.

Sorry, it was Leslie. But it, you know, like, like, we're both sad about these things. Sometimes.

I mean, this is her business. But are these...
