(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai - Go Unlimited to remove this message)

Okay, um, next chunk of questions. So, having talked about presentation, both like here in Ivy, back home, online, what are the differences and similarities between how you present in these spaces, I guess? Sorry, could you repeat that? What are the differences and similarities between how you present in these spaces? I guess you kind of talked about this, so like. Yeah, just kind of compare, compare and contrast. 

Compare and contrast moment. Um, well, online, I'm more guarded now. And in the past, I looked very different online. 

I had buzzed head and a big beard. And I was told I look like a terrorist by my parents and friends. I was told I was giving Osama, which of course I am in a first name basis.

Which, which is for sure racially charged, but, uh, okay. So it's like I presented differently too. I had this idea of like, I wanted to look mask, I wanted to be a man, I wanted to do this and that. 

So that was me back then. And like, and I think going home and being here, I try my best to not change because I'm like, like, that's, I'm trying to serve realness, like wherever I go, like that's just being fake. And it's like, I think me thinking about it is just like, I can notice after the fact, like, oh, there were some things that I didn't do or that I might have done somewhere else or some things that I didn't like push the boundaries here that I might have, if I was here and I'd be like, um, but it's not a conscious thought that I had before.

It's an unsafe environment and I shouldn't be doing this. It's like me thinking about it after like, oh, why didn't I do that? So, because I really just try to like, just show up as me, like wherever I go and, and I care about fashion a lot. So a lot of that is like, how am I dressing? Like how am I, that's like a big thing of like expression for me. 

So, um, yeah. So I'm like, yeah, I should dress the way I dress and whatever. It's like, it is what it is.

And it's like, mostly it's like a learning curve from my parents. I'm like, this is on them. It's not on me. 

Like if I show up looking like whatever, it's like, I know I look good. Like if I look good in front of the mirror, like why is it different when I step outside? Like it's on everybody else having to figure their own shit out. Like, um, so I try to present consistently.

But then of course it's like, when I'm going back home, like, especially like during the school year, it's like, I'm only bringing back a certain amount of clothes. Like I'm going for like a week or two weeks. Like, so, um, it is interesting, like what choices I make as to what clothes to bring back and what clothes to not bring back, like unconscious choices. 

Um, but nowadays I'm trying to be more like conscious of it too. And then it'll be like, Oh yeah, like, no, why aren't you bringing this one? Like, you like this, like maybe you should bring this too. Like, and then I'll just like bring it and be like, yeah, whatever. 

So that's kind of where I'm at. I don't know if that answers the question. It's just an excuse for conversation. 

You don't even have to answer it. But that was like, um, that was, I think the biggest thing is just how I, how I dress inside the house. That's changed a lot. 

How I dress outside. It's like, I'll bring the same jeans, I'll wear the same shirts, like whatever. And people will make comments, but I'm like, whatever. 

Or especially like earrings. Like I liked that as well, like getting bigger earrings, like, and trying to like push that boundary in that way. So, um, yeah. 

So, but I'll, but I'll get comments like, oh, it's okay. Comments, how like, those aren't your earrings, are they? They're way too big. Okay. 

No, yeah, they are. I'm like just playing with them. I'm like, yeah, no, they are. 

Like, just like little, little things. It's like, not like hostile, but it's like a little bit like, I know what you're asking. Yeah. 

You're not that much of a fag, are you? God bless. And then you've also answered this, um, or I can guess at the answer to this, but which space do you feel more, most comfortable or most authentic presenting yourself? Yeah. I mean, I think it's here. 

I mean, it's even like, it's like, honestly, whatever space in which I have all of my clothes and I'm by myself, that's big because it's like, I even have friends here who I sometimes find myself having double consciousness moments. Like where we get, especially like some of the straight guys I hang out with that I'm like, I just like, it's like, I catch myself doing this and then I have to tell myself like, no, like, it's like, these people were like friends that I knew from before I came out. And like, these people like you for who you are. 

And there is no, like you wear one outfit to go to campus and then you come back and then you change to go hang out with your guy friends. Like, like, that's not cool. Like, and I think I would unconsciously do that like first couple of times. 

It's like, what are people going to think when they're hanging out with me? And, and of course, it's like, I'm creating this weird binary where it's like, oh, when I hang out with my girlies, it's like, doesn't matter. I can wear whatever I want and this and that. And then when I hang out with the boys, I got to be a man. 

It's like, no, it's like, I don't know if, if maybe in some, for some people in some people's lives, it is like that, but these, I chose to hang out with these people because I like them because they like me, like whatever, blah, blah. So that's been something that was like, like I told my straight guy bestie for the first time that I was non-binary, like three weeks ago, I told him and his girlfriend. And it was such an interesting conversation. 

It's so weird. Like, and he was kind of cute. He was being kind of cute about it. 

Like in his own like freak nerd way. He was like, Oh, like, you know, I'm learning about this in my philosophy class. Like how that we, how we created the idea of binary opposition. 

Like, where does that come from? Like the idea of the binary, like, I mean, he traced it back, like some like logic, like epistemology thing, like back to like this philosopher. And this is what I was like, okay. Like basically trying to say like, it's interesting to think about what it means to be binary, what it means to be non-binary, but that's his way of like, I'm learning about this in my class. 

So I was like, okay, yeah, that's cool. But it is interesting that it's like, I have to push myself out of my comfort zone because I noticed that unconsciously, me having thoughts like that, where it's like, what are these people gonna think? And especially like, it's like, I have this guy that I'm really close with. And he's like, I really like him, but he has friends who are a little fratty, too fratty for me. 

And I found that even in high school, I would find one guy who I could connect with, but I bring out a different side of that person. And then I realized later, it's like, oh, they're going to hang out with these other guys and like, acting like a total bro, like talking about sports. And it's a little bit of a weird moment for me, but then it's also like, maybe kind of like, oh, I found the goodness in this person. 

Like I was able to bring it out of them. And it's like, I don't know, some weird complex I have going on, but like, but yeah, some of those other guys. And then it's just becomes like a game of like, nobody's going to say anything. 

It's almost on me to present with confidence, to show up with confidence and be like, no, nobody's going to say anything. So why am I policing myself before even interacting with this person? Yeah. Has anyone ever said anything to reinforce like, you got to dress this way when you're around us? No, not my friends, not anybody else. 

I mean, I've had moments like, like little microaggressions where I feel like, like random guys on the street, like, I feel like they're attracted to me. They'll say weird shit to me, like, what's up, baby? Like, like, come here, come over here, girl. Like, I like sit with shit like that. 

And like, but that's like a different thing where I really do. Like, think of it like there was one, like, I remember on Deltopia, and there was this one guy who, like, I walked past this group. And we were like, it was, they were part of my group, like, in a way that it was like, we were going to this person's house with my friends, friends, and it was like, my friends, friends, sisters, boyfriend, and all of the boyfriends friend, like, fucking classic Deltopia, like coming from San Diego, like, just coming to party, like, I know, right.

But like, that was just so funny. That was just so interesting to me, like, and like getting like, like, I'm like, I have to walk past them. They're like, what's up, baby? And then all the guys start laughing. 

What's up, baby? Like, I just think of all of those interactions that I have as like, maybe everyone else thought it was a joke. But one person, the person who started it really wanted to fuck me, and was really uncomfortable with that. And so I had to make it into a joke, and everybody laughs, and then they feel better about themselves.

But like, I'm like, yeah, all these people just like, like, you know, anyways, like, nobody, none of my friends would ever say, or even friends of friends. And maybe the, yeah, maybe the difference is like, my girlies would say like, you look good, you're serving cunt, you're saying or something like that. And like, my, the guys just like, I don't know, it's like, it's really interesting, the clothes that you're wearing.

Really notice this, like the clothes that you tend to wear now. Like, okay, like, you know, I'm being real too. I'm like, like, whatever, if I'm a little bit of the flavor in this straight life, it's like, whatever, like, and I literally will sit down and be like, it's, it's mind blowing to shop in the women's section. 

I'm looking at him, I'm like, you need to shop in the women's section. It's like, changes everything. There's so much variety. 

It's like, why are we pigeonholed into like, the two racks for the men's clothes? Like, there's so much out there. Like, and I'm even trying to like, market it to him. I'm like, yeah, and you could even find like, masc clothes in the women's section. 

Like, you're doing God's work, by the way. I'm like, telling him, I was like, you and your girlfriend should switch clothes. What if you two like, switch? Like, you know, just for fun.

Got naked right now in front of me. The bisexual agenda. So, from the sounds of it, it sounds like, after you've gone through this process and realized like, hey, I'm non-binary, I want to present in this way. 

You're like, yo, other people should probably like, know about this. This is kind of cool. No, for sure. 

I mean, I think, yeah, yeah. I mean, I've gotten into a state now where I'm also like, like, it's okay, whatever people want to call me, whatever pronouns, whatever this and that. It doesn't really matter that fucking much. 

It's more about like, what do I desire? What do I want to orient myself towards? Like, what? And then if I find people who also think that's interesting, it's like, cool. But then if I can kind of notice that someone is like, like, okay with it, but like, doesn't really understand or isn't that interesting, I'm like, that's okay too. I mean, I'm not going to act like a cis person, but I kind of understand, some people see me as like, just a gay guy. 

And some girlies are more comfortable with that, like, having that one token gay guy in the group of girls. And I just don't know if I've ever been that, because I like, presented or thought of myself, conceived myself as straight for a while. And then even when I thought of myself as bisexual, which was like early, like 13, 14, I was already having these thoughts. 

It was like, like I always hung out, my point is like, I always had a group of girls, but it wasn't like, I'm the gay guy. I don't know what it was. It was like, maybe I was dating someone in middle school, like middle school girlfriend, and I'm just hanging out with all of her friends. 

And I'm like, oh, this is fun. Like, like, I don't know if I I'm saying like, I was one of the girls either, but that was something different. I was like a secret third. 

Like, I wasn't the token gay guy. I wasn't one of the girls, but I was there and I liked to be there. And I was always hanging out with them. 

And yeah, I don't know. But then I got into high school and I somehow convinced myself that, like, oh yeah, that was none of that's real. I'm straight. 

I'm a guy. I'm not any of this. Like, so it was like, I kind of lost what the fuck I was talking about.

It was like coming to college became like a thing of me or coming out in college came a thing of me reconnecting to that 13 year old who I was like, dude, you're pretty fucking smart. Like, I have to sit down and say that. I was like, you knew a lot of shit. 

Like, you just didn't know how to put it into words, but like, you really got it. Like, it was like me in high school who was kind of stupid. Like the guy who thought that you have to be like macho, you have to be like, you know, whatever, like man coded. 

Like that's like, that guy was a little bit toxic. Like, it was like you 13, like depressed gay. Like, it was like, yeah, that's how it is. 

Like you, you're on some shit. Like, so yeah, a little bit of like reconnecting to the childhood, but you know, I don't think I, I think I make more comments to myself than people have ever made comments to me in person. Like little microaggressions sure. 

But there was only one experience where there's this guy who was like really coked out and at a party and, and I knew him, I had met him somewhere and he was scaring me a little. He was like really fucked up. Like, and he came in with his, with this guy, like this twink that was like totally like fawning over him, like, but he didn't give a fuck. 

Like, he was just like, like just walking around and this guy was like following him, like trying to touch his shoulder. There was something like, it was like, I said, I like your earrings, a small thing. I was just like, I like your earring. 

So everybody thinks I'm fucking gay because of my earrings. Everything's a fucking game. And I was like, like I looked at him, I was like, I'm gay. 

Like there's nothing wrong with that. Like what's wrong with that? And he literally, he goes, and he starts like throwing up in front of me. I was like, that's fucking gross, man. 

And he just like turned out. And I looked at the girl sitting next to me. And first of all, her first question was like, oh, so you're gay? And I was like, yeah. 

And she was like, cool. Like, she's like, people should live their truth. Like, she's like, that guy's so toxic. 

Like, I don't know. Like she was basically like, yeah, that's a fucking homosexual. I was like, did you see the way that they were like walking together? And she's like, yeah, they're for sure fucking. 

It's like, it is interesting. It's like, I'm pretty sure that guy is gay. Like, um, and I don't know if he was joking or if he's DL and he was a little bit comfortable with it. 

Um, the weird guy, when I saw him at a party, the next time I saw him at a party, I like ignored him. I did not, I was not having it at all. I was like, I had a couple drinks in me and I was like, what the fuck are you doing here? And my, but like in my head, I was thinking that like, so it's like, you know, kind of weird, right? Like, I don't know.

I couldn't read that situation. Like, I was like, what is going on? It's like, you know, that happens. It's also not violent, but I'm, I tend to self-police and that's been a big thing where I'm pushing back on that. 

And then you're like, it's okay. Like, it's not a big deal. Nobody's going to say anything. 

People give you looks, people can think what they want to think. As long as nobody says it to me, I don't give a fuck. Like, I just don't want to hear it.

In that case, um, third question, which is a fun one. You've also kind of answered this, but has, have these identities remained static over time? And if not, how's your home environment, current environment and online environment shaped your experience of your own gender identity and sexuality? I mean, for sure it's not stayed, but it's not been linear either. It's like, somehow I find my way, like I said, like coming back to ideas that I already had when I was much younger. 

Um, and I kind of conditioned myself out of having them. Um, and, um, let's see. Okay.

Home environment is like, I feel like it's like, it's, it's like, I just left and I came back and I looked different. Like it didn't really affect me at all. It was like, um, like, or I don't know, maybe that's, maybe that's bullshit because that's assuming mask as a default for this body, which is like not true. 

So it did shape me and it told me, and it shows me that I was a man that's supposed to dress a certain way. And I'm a man, like it showed me all of that. And so it's like having that freedom also coming out of the house and then, and then that's what the internet comes in where I'm looking at all sorts of people on the internet and seeing how people dress, buying clothes on the internet, like, um, and kind of seeing like, like finding myself like oddly obsessed with like narratives of like them transition, like, like, or like taking hormones or like, and I've always kind of known that I was like, I would read like long stories of like, what is it like to be on estrogen? Like what is like, and I noticed that like, it's not like I'm stupid. 

Like I look at it, I'm like, what are you doing? I know what you're doing. Like, um, but that it matters, right? Because it's like, for someone who never knew an older trans person, never knew, never had any model to look towards. And, and the gay, older gays that I knew were like, we were talking about like homonational, it's like, it's like the white rich tech bro gays who are just like bros, like they're just interested in being like bratty, but they're just gay. 

That's the only thing that's different. Like they're literally like sports bros. Like, so I don't know if I ever really connected with them on the like queer angle because they were just my uncles and they were a little bit just like everybody else. 

Basically, they were just interested in simulating what everybody else is simulating. Like, um, and they're white. And so that's different too, where it's like meeting, like, I never met a Brown gay person like ever except for my current professor in my feminist studies. 

Like, and that's interesting because they're like as old as my parents. And I'm like, wow, you grew up in India, but as a homosexual, as a non-binary person, I know like at, at the same time that my parents grew up and they grew up traditional straight. Like my parents are also like, um, they're not like you think of like Indian diaspora parents. 

Like they're like, think like Grateful Dead, hippie, dropping acid, think like fish, like that that's their style. So they're different too. Your parents are cool as fuck. 

I feel they're different too. Um, so it's been learning for them too, where it's like, okay, like, it's like, you're liberal, but are you really as tolerant as you think you are? Like, in my head, I'm like, the shit you say, it's like, it's all like, everybody loves the gays until it's gay son or thot daughter and you chose both and now you have both and now you're like, oh shit. That's a really good line.

But literally it's like them also having to like, like, I'm like, it's been a year, almost a year I've been dating Daniel and my mom still calls him my friend. I'm like, I don't like that. Like this little shit that says a lot, like it says a lot in my head. 

Like, and I pick on, I, I pick up on little shit like that. I was like, why would you say that? Why would you use that word and not the other word? It's just like, it made me so angry when we first started dating and then now it's just like, I'll just correct him and move on. Or it's like, who's, who are you talking about? Like, who's my friend? And then she'll be like, oh, Daniel's not your friend? I'll be like, no, we're not friends. 

Like, I hate him. I hate him. So, you know, they have to learn to be like, you know, the reality.

It's like a difference between being comfortable in the abstract and like being comfortable, not just with an actual person, but like, you know, your kid. No, it's very interesting, right? I mean, and they're, they're fine. I mean, they both like Daniel. 

It's like, they're a little bit like similar and then I put them together in the same room and I'm a little bit like, is this who I'm dating? Why is he just like my parents? I hate this. That's some Freudian shit. Like, I don't like it. 

But, but yeah, I mean the internet, okay, back to that. It's like, the internet is like, um, allowed me to have models when I didn't have any in the real, in the real world, but it's just a stimulation. It's the same thing with the music thing, right? It's like, all I really wanted was to connect with real people in my real life.

And I just grew up and started, like, not even grew up. It's like I returned back to my middle school era when all I would do is hang out with gay girls and non-binary people. That was it.

And now it's like most of my friends and that's who I love to talk to and that's who I have interesting conversations with and like, um, yeah, kind of that like return. And then what's even more interesting is like the girls that I were really close with in high school as a straight guy have since come out as well. And I'm like, somehow the gays find each other, like always, even when they don't want to or when they don't think they want to. 

Like, interesting, right? I mean, and it's been crazy, like seeing some of those people at, like coming back in breaks in college, like now, because it's like I came out like three years ago or something, two years ago, also not that long. Like, or I came out again because I came out in middle school and then convinced myself and everybody that I was straight in high school. And I'd get so bothered when the boys would ask me, like, are you bisexual? Like, are you, but it's like, I think you're gay because you don't have a crush on a girl. 

And I'm like, but I came back like this year, the last year, and I started dressing differently and I came back with my boyfriend and I had him, I showed him off to my high school friends or some of them, anyways, and it was interesting. Also, nobody said anything. It was just like, I got one comment from my friend's mom who went to her and was like, did you know Amar was gay? And she's like, yeah. 

She said, Mom, everybody from Bay is gay. Like everyone from my high school is gay. She was like, and she went, the mom went to my mom and told her, Amar looks glowing after coming out. 

He just looks so different. And I laughed or he looks so happy. Like, he's just like beaming. 

And I just laughed when my mom told me that. I was like, they're just saying that I cut my hair and I shaved my beard. And that's what they're commenting on. 

Like, what is glowing? I was like, I'm as depressed as I was before. But, but the, yeah, the internet thing is it's interesting because you, you get a stereotype of a non-binary experience that is like fed to you. And it's a non-binary experience that is white and centers androgyny. 

Androgyny is centered around skinniness. So if you're not white and you're not like skinny, like a twink, it's like, you're not like your, your accessibility to femme is very different. And I'm like hairless.

And like, if you're not like all of that, it's like, I see very few people who look like me, who are influencers on Instagram or TikTok. Like I use Reels a lot and like seeing like, yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't see people who look like me who are like trying to access like femininity. 

So it, it, it is like a thing where it's like, I have to kind of get out of that cycle and kind of like, just like live in the real world, go to thrift stores, see what I like, try on clothes, like, and then I find my own style and I find like my own thing. And like, yeah. And that was it. 

It's like, I think I've gotten to that stage now where it's like, okay, whatever anybody thinks of me, whatever, I don't care. I'm secure. I don't care if I match up to whatever narrative I see online. 

Like, I just think it's at this point, it's like, I'm just interested in hearing about people's experiences, learning about something that's different. And who cares? Like what? Like, I don't have to come to any conclusions now. Like nobody's telling me, you have to be this way, you have to be that way. 

It's just like, I wake up in the morning and I see, what am I tending towards today? What do I feel like doing today? And you know, it's like when I was younger, it's like in my head, I was like that, I said, like, I feel gender fluid. It's what I told them, which is a very astute, like very interesting thing, which is of course, because I didn't know a word non-binary. But it's like, I thought that it's like you were either, like it operates within the binary, like I'm just fluid between two points Yeah, I mean, it's like, you know, it's also like, I can come up with all sorts of different ways to explain it. 

It's like, I have ADHD, so I don't like to plan ahead. So we'll see, like, what am I feeling like? A lot of good dogs. I know, big ones. 

But I was totally saying bad shit. No, that's great. I mean, one thing that you brought up that I think came up, I've done four other interviews, I think, is this idea of like wanting, like the internet gives you access to more people who share your identity, but then these norms form around that identity solely online. 

And I think you're talking a bit about this with like, the model of non-binary-ness is like a skinny white androgynous person who's like in their 20s, you know? Right, that too. Well, I don't see older androgynous people. Older non-binary people very often, and when I do, they're generally not androgynous.

They generally present one way or the other. And it's not invalidating their non-binary-ness at all, because I understand that 100%. It's like, it's not entirely about how you look. 

It's like, what are you orienting yourself towards? What do you desire to look like? Or what do you desire to think like? And stuff like that. So it's not invalidating, it's just interesting the models that we see. Yeah. 

Like, it'll be like an older bear who's like a they-them, they-them, you're a they-them dad. Like, I've seen something like that on Instagram. Yeah, but somebody like that is getting picked up by the algorithm and shown to people, and someone who's maybe presenting differently just is not. 

Right, right. And it's all, it's mostly like whiteness.

(This file is longer than 30 minutes. Go Unlimited at TurboScribe.ai to transcribe files up to 10 hours long.)