Alright, recording started. Thanks for being down to do this very informal interview. I'm quaking, I'm shaking.

Okay, first things first, can you introduce yourself and briefly describe yourself? Fuck, starting off with the hard questions. You could literally give your name and it'd be fine. I'm Will.

Okay. And then how old are you, where are you living now, and where did you grow up? Um, I am 20 years old, I'm about to turn 21. In like, in like, what day is it? The 11th I think.

In 5 days. Um, I live in Santa Barbara. I lived here actually, did you know? Um, and I grew up in San Francisco.

And then how would you define your gender and sexuality? My gender and sexuality. I think, um, I currently just identify as like, queer. Um, just because it's like, I don't know, still in my perspective, like kind of a work in progress.

But if you want to put into like more concrete terms like genderqueer and like bisexual. Um, but yeah. Nice.

And then with those brief questions out of the way, um, how do you currently present yourself in terms of your gender and sexuality in the space that you currently live? A.k.a. Santa Barbara, a.k.a. Isla Vista. A.k.a. my mom's house. Um, how do I present myself? That's such a, like, I think I just like, feel out like what I want today.

Um, usually it's like, I present myself as just like, dumb and silly. Other times, like if I'm feeling the mood, I'm like deeply philosophical. And I do some like little thought experiments.

Or a little bit of a combination of both. I guess in terms of like physical appearance, it's like kind of the same thing always. It's just like some silly shit or like some goofy things with like baggy exterior.

Like, don't look at me. You know? And then, how do you present your gender and sexuality in your home community as opposed to Isla Vista? Con. Repeat that question again.

Like, I'm struggling. Um, how do you present your gender and sexuality in your home community as opposed to Isla Vista? Whoa. That is a more interesting question.

Um, I think I am much more closed off in my home. But, another part of it is because, um, I grew up in like a less than like perfect household. There is pressure to be like a cisgender man.

Straight, cisgender, I'm a he. I'm a him. Um, but, yeah.

So, that's just within the household. If you go a little bit further than that, then like, that changes really rapidly. But, either way, the pressure is still looming over me even though I live in San Francisco, a fall city.

And then, last question of these three is, how do you present your gender and sexuality online? And this question stretches to both the past and the present. Ooh, okay. This is also just a jumping off point for yapping.

So, if you have additional thoughts. I have so many thoughts. Um, it's like, I'm a bit weird right now.

Okay, how do I start? How do I present myself online? Well, that's like a hard question to ask me because I tend to not want like an online presence. Um, I just tend to stay like really private about my life online. Um, so, I don't have like social media.

Um, all my social media, even before I had it was, or like, sorry, when I had it, was super vague. Like, you don't get to know me through social media. I have like zero pictures posted ever.

Um, yeah. I just use it for memes and like brain rot. Like, there's no other purpose.

I don't want people to know me, actually. Like, stop it. If you want to have a conversation with me, then like, do it in person, dog.

Like, I have so many thoughts on that. Because like, in this like new era of connectivity through the internet, you just continue to feel isolated. Which is such like a weird, like, I don't know.

Talk more about that. No, I won't. It's just interesting to see that, I don't know.

Growing up, like, you get to see that the internet is just like a stupid fucking plate. And you don't know anything about it. Like, nothing is really certain.

Before it was all commercialized, so it was like just community. You have those like chat rooms, like MSN or whatever. And you have like old video games, like MapleStory, just like popping out of nowhere.

Because it was like a game where you can just chat to your friends for hours. That was a new thing. Skype was like, I remember having like those fucking Skype phones.

Like, Skype specific phones. And it was like so crazy to video call someone. And I was like, whoa.

I remember like calling my dad once. When he was at work at like, I don't know, late, like 1 a.m. When I was a kid. Sleep schedule still fucked.

Kind of. But, yeah, I remember doing that with my brother. And it was like, whoa, this is new technology.

I'm just, yeah. And then growing up, like, I think I played a lot of MMOs. And then that turned into like Minecraft.

But as a kid, I was like so hopeful. I was like, I can connect to my friends. And it's like so cool.

I can video call my friends while we play video games. And then YouTube was such a peaceful place. Because it was just like a community of just people fucking around.

Like we have like the edgy trios. Or like MaxMofo, iDubbbz, and like fucking Filthy Frank. And now it's like we grow older.

And the internet matures. Like this like, I don't know, looming like corporate thingy vibe to YouTube just like started. And it's just so like soulless and impersonal.

Versus like when I was back in the old days. You get to see like YouTube videos of like Minecraft players. Just like doing their own thing.

And I kind of like really miss that. And yeah, nowadays it's just like so, I don't know, meaningless. It's just like high quality videos.

And I just like miss that a little bit. Where the sense of community is like a loss. And when it's like a piece of technology used to connect people like around the world.

When it gets that feeling like of just loneliness and emptiness. It's just so isolating. Like especially when you have the dichotomy where you feel both connected to everyone and so alone.

It's just absolutely atrocious. So I tend not to like, I tend not to use it. Just because I feel like for my mental health, I should like shy away.

And then you mentioned kind of a distinction between modern YouTube having these very like overproduced, very commercial videos. Do you think that corporatization of the internet is what's causing that sense of isolation? No, I feel like it's kind of reductive to just pinpoint into corporations. I think it's like probably a ton of random ass factors.

Yeah, but of course like a lot of responsibility comes from corporations. Like we shouldn't like give them any slack for that. Like there's a reason why inflammatory content is prioritized on TikTok.

They want you to click on it. They want you to get stuck. The only thing you're like, your value to them is like eight bucks or some shit.

And it's like, oh, shame on you, you know? However, I think the feeling of loneliness emerges elsewhere. And I can't exactly like pinpoint on what. But I think it probably stems from like, I don't know, just offline culture as well.

Say more about that? I guess like growing up as a queer person, like you're never gonna find like solace in like trying to fit into like, I don't know, the normies. So yeah, being on the outside skirmishes, you get to see like, a bigger perspective, or at least just a different one. Where it's like, you have kind of, I don't know, let me think about this more because I feel like I'm yapping a little bit.

And I, yeah, it's just like a complex idea that I haven't really thought about. I mean, same here. I feel like I'm, I'm articulating my thoughts through talking to other people a little bit about this.

Yeah, so I'm just, this is my stream of consciousness. I think, I think a big part of it has to do with like, the lack of like varied spaces, and at least like the United States where instead of like, meeting up with your friends at a certain location and doing an activity nowadays. It's like, hey, let's plan this through text.

Let's do this through text. And it's like, oh, I'm gonna go to blah, blah, blah, blah, do this and that. Versus like, let's do something impulsive.

We just got off work and I'm feeling quenched. I'm feeling thirsty. And like, that was like, I guess like the norm back in the days.

I don't know, I was in a library. But now it's like, it's like, you have to reach out through like social media or something versus like the natural connection of just like going to a bar or something and just like meeting random people. And just the physical lack of these opportunities, maybe probably contribute to a little bit.

I feel like we don't need as many parking lots as we need. We might need as many like fun boyhood areas or like whatever. You also mentioned like meeting up with friends through Minecraft or like MMOs.

In that case, was the internet taking the role of that third space for you? I think so. I think a lot of like my growing up and my development as a human person was definitely like just meeting up with my friends online, playing Minecraft, going on Minecraft, playing Super Smash Mouths, or like going on Hypixel. Then destroying other kids at video games, I don't know, like mini games.

So yeah, that was a lot of form of connection. And that was through video games, doing like activities. But I guess as human brains, we do need to see each other in person.

It's like, I don't know, there's a lot to decompress. I really think though, however, that community is like more than just an online space where you can just yap on. You might feel easier to find community and that's like amazing.

But it's worth it to find like people you vibe with IRL, you know. That is the last round of these questions. I'm going to stop the recording, move the camera a little bit, and then get into the second round.

All right, second round of questions. So I mentioned like three spaces, current community, home community, and then online. So I'm going to ask like, what are the differences and similarities between how you present in these spaces? And then which space do you feel most comfortable or most authentic presenting as yourself? And you also mentioned a distinction between like social media versus like just video chatting with friends or whatever.

So I guess what's the difference between how you present yourself online in different spaces as well? I hate texting. Period. I hate texting.

I really feel like you miss a lot of the nuance when you like talk to someone by just texting. And you get, you retrieve a little bit of that back from like video call where you can like see the little movements of someone's face or whatever. The silly like smirk on their face when they say something really stupid and you're like, ha, they did that on purpose.

And I just love those like tiny little things when, like of a person. And I feel like when you're in person, like when you're in a physical place with someone, it's like a lot of that contributes to their identity. You get to know a lot about someone on just even the way they move and how they behave.

Like, like, I don't know. I'm literally sitting like this right now. And you, you really don't get to see that through like a small ass video call.

And you definitely don't get that when you're texting someone. Weird question, but how do you think your personal behaviors, like, like you said, you're literally sitting like this right now. Like, how did those develop? And I say this because I've talked with a few other people and they said a lot of that was they were trying to imitate or emulate what they saw online or in person as specific, correct ways of performing certain identities.

And they were like, oh, this person's performing this identity this way. So this is the right way to do it. So I'm going to perform it this way.

I've thought about that a lot, actually. And I really can't pinpoint it. I think I, I do tend to like draw inspiration from like funny content creators online where I'm like, oh, you're hella hilarious.

Let me see if I joke from you. But in general, like these mannerisms, I think I developed on my own. Like, there is no like reason or rhyme, rhyme or reason to like why I fiddle my toes.

I am really concerned if I learned that from someone else by watching them fiddle their toes, especially an online creator. Like I've never seen that before. I don't want to.

Man, this economy is too expensive. Really reasonable. So I don't know.

The little things I do, I feel like come from within and not necessarily like it was taken from someone else. And I feel like everyone has like unique traits about them that they like haven't learned from another like content creator or someone online. Like maybe that's true through like an amalgamation of everything they've ever seen in their past.

In every like event. But the answer is usually not as simple as, hey, I watched you, I'm a copy here. And I kind of love that idea where you're like, we are just like a collection of other people's stories.

You're learning from me now and I'm learning from you as well. And when people like get close and people like talk and have like, I don't know, a little bonding moment. It's like you share a little piece of yourself and you take a little piece from that.

And vice versa. So hard not to say a Gojo quote right now. Like that's another thing.

Like if I see like a Gojo fucking brain rot, I will take that. That's gonna happen. Like I've been doing this.

I've been doing that. Like throughout the interview. I don't know how many times I did it.

Can you explain this? This is like Hikari's like relentless gambler like domain expansion. I forget the probability. Like 137, 1 over 127, 37 probability that he gets a jackpot.

And then like he gets infinite cursed energy. But so what that means is like he gets to regenerate shit, his arms and shit when he gets blown. But he's never missed it.

I just missed it, but it's like one of those things that really matter, I guess. Like fights that really matter. He never hit or miss.

He always hits. But yeah. Hikari never requires reverse cursing.

But the infinite cursed energy flowing throughout his body flexibly performs reverse. I can't speak. What do you get to play? Are you you? Because you are you.

On the subject of JJK. I feel like that itself is also kind of an online space of like people who also have JJK brain rot. Or people making JJK edits set to clips of Rosa Parks or whatever.

What's your involvement with that community been like? And has that felt like community? Have you met like individual people through it? No. Once again, I tend to not find community online. I avoid that.

Just because it feels a little bit isolating to me. Contrary to community. But I get memes.

I do get memes of silly shit and I find it hilarious. I wonder if my laptop is charged. Oh, right.

It's in this pocket. So no. I feel like it was a community.

I was kind of on the sidelines of where I'm like watching people get hyped for these characters. And I'm just like enjoying it on my own. Not necessarily on my own.

Because I do have people that really enjoy JJK as well. Like my best friend Trace. Like literally fucking is stupid as well.

And we often talk about like what happened in Chapter 12. And I have other friends that have talked about JJK as well. But no.

There is not a sense of community for me. I just saw people like be hyped. I saw the community.

And I chose to not be a part of it. Which is kind of like you're choosing your own downfall, dog. But yeah, I think I chose that for a reason.

Fair. And then the last question of this chunk is has your identity remained static over time? And if not, how has your home environment, current environment, and online environment kind of shaped your experience of your own identity? That's a really tough question. Or has it been mostly like internal? So a big part of it is like I still feel the same person throughout the ages.

But obviously a lot of things have changed throughout my life. And I have gained tons of new perspectives. Big or small.

But it's like that one stupid philosophy thing. What is it? Like fetus, boat, or some shit. Ship of Theseus? Theseus.

Ship. Yeah. See, my brain is just like raw.

I don't think I've answered any of your questions. That's fine. You don't have to.

Yeah. Oh. Fuck.

Can you say the repeat the question? Yeah, it's kind of a big one. Which is like how has your home environment, current environment, and online environment shaped your experience of your own identity? So I guess like home environments. A lot of it was I need to get out of there.

Like ASAP. I need to remove myself from that space. And I found ways to do that.

Like I graduated early. And then I went to college. Then, yeah, now I'm like not even living at home.

So in a sense, I feel like a lot of it was buried within me, like my inner self, where I'm like I need to get out of there. It's like this is my defense mechanism is to hunker down, be sheltered, protect myself from the outside world. So a big part of it is like I felt like everything around me was temporary because I am leaving everyone behind.

I don't want to stay in my home city. And a lot of my friends still live in San Francisco. Still do community college.

Or they're like full-time workers now. Like last week. But I've left that space.

Space of, I don't know, home. What you call home. I think retroactively, there's a lot to look back on and like understand from the situation.

But as you grow up, you have no, like, you don't really have that much perspective on life. You can't analyze yourself that deeply if you don't have the tools to do so. So chronologically, I just felt like I needed to get through it.

And there was not much processing of my space. But in actuality, I've learned a lot from my situation back at home. I've learned a lot by retroactively understanding my situation and my mentality in that space.

And looking back on myself in third person. So I guess when I'm away from home, when I am removed from that space, a lot of that retroactive thinking and understanding happened. And that's when I kind of felt a little bit more comfortable with myself.

And like truly like digging back within myself. Within you and me. Sorry, I will continue.

What did I always say? Oh yeah, I felt more comfortable with myself by just like understanding myself more deeply. And a lot of that is like why I feel I'm the same person throughout. Because yeah, all bits of my personality were present and maybe by parts throughout every stage of my life.

Like I'm, I still feel like I'm the same person. Maybe like a little bit has changed throughout the years, but I'm pretty consistent, I would say. And then do you think the way you choose to identify would be any different if you're in different internet spaces? If you had a super active social media presence or if you grew up somewhere else or if you went to college somewhere else? Online.

I feel like if I were like chronically online, it would be so fun just to like fuck with people. Just mess with people. Like online strangers or like go on Discord communities and just like find whoever and just like connect.

Watch JoJo's or some shit and watch anime. Oh, I guess there's, that was like another thing that was interesting. Like watching anime as a kid, growing up, it's like kind of like a weird taboo thing, right? It's kind of like, I don't know.

Not necessarily subversive, but like look down upon, like you got the weeaboo archetypes. But nowadays it's like, it's so popular amongst like everyone where it's like, oh, that's pretty cool. That's quirky. 

That's like geeky. Versus like looking back at it, it's like, oh, that's fucking weird or some shit. I've noticed that too.

Like the internet's helped reduce stigma around a lot of hobbies. Like I feel like D&D has had a resurgence as well. Yeah, D&D has had, like I'm having a session probably like next week or something.

We're fighting some people now, like some like camel rights or some shit. Like some captain on a boat. Hellraiser or something.

Anyway, yeah, I'm pretty like excited for it. It's like, I might cast holo purple. I might unlock holo purple guys.

Huge. I'm going to blue ball them and then red ball them. And then purple ball them.

And then blow them. And then I'm going to suck them. With my blue balls.

What was the question? I forget. Just like, do you think you would identify differently if you grew up somewhere else or were in different online spaces or whatnot? I guess like, I'm curious on like your perspective of online spaces because I feel like we have very different experiences. Yeah.

For me, I feel like I met a lot of my community through fandom, at least in online spaces where I get really invested in one thing. And then I'd make friends through that thing. And then those friends would stick with me as I moved on to different things I was interested in.

And I had like a group of friends in a spot, not Spotify, Skype server. And we were all fans of the same web comic and we'd like talk theories and stuff. But then those just became friends.