Cool. All right, so first things first, this is being recorded. This audio is not going to get saved anywhere, it's not going to be shown to anybody. 

The only thing is these videos are just going to be passed into an AI model to build a data set. Are you comfortable with that? Yes, I'm comfortable with that. You're comfortable with your likeness being shown or what have you? Yes. 

Okay, perfect. And then first things first, introduce yourself and any relevant facts about you. I'm Margaret. 

I use they, them pronouns. I go to school at UCSB. I feel like that covers most of the bases for an introduction.

Yeah, 100%. And then I feel like you've answered this somewhat, but what are your gender and sexuality? How do you choose to identify yourself? I feel like genderqueer is the best word for me, but I usually go with non-binary just because it seems like a good blanket term. I don't know.

But I like genderqueer. I think it's cool. And I'm bisexual. 

Yeah. And then you mentioned that you're a student at UCSB. Well, we both are, obviously.

How do you choose to present yourself in Isla Vista and at UCSB? That's a really good question. It's so hard. It's so, so, so hard. 

I was super transmasc in high school. I had the full shaved head and I wore a binder every single day and I used he, they pronouns and I identified really strongly with transmasc. And since coming here, I don't know, I went to a really different high school than this place because it was an art school.

So everyone was gay and trans and it was just really free. You could do whatever you wanted. Your identity didn't really matter in the same way that it does here. 

But on the other hand, there was a lot of pressure because if you were trans, you were surrounded by other trans people. And I don't know if this is true for everybody there, but I definitely felt the need to like prove myself. I was like, yes, I'm really trans. 

I know everyone is trans, but I'm super trans. But then coming here, I was able to be like, I'm not like, I'm so out of control of what the people around me are thinking about of me. And I'm witnessing so many people who I don't know every single day. 

So I should just be myself as fuck. And now I'm just like super chill with androgyny and I'm trying to like get more in touch with my femininity. So I grew my hair out and stuff like that. 

And yeah, I just feel like way more comfortable in my skin. I know that's kind of counterintuitive because I went from a place where it was super accepted to a place where my pronouns basically never get respected in any place I go. But it just like shut off the part of my brain that cares what people think and how people are looking at me. 

So yeah. Follow up question to that. Did you feel that there was pressure to be gay or trans in a specific sort of way? And if so, what were the norms surrounding, quote unquote, the right way to be gay or trans in your home community? Let me think about that.

I feel like gender and sexuality were super different and looked at really differently, at least in my experience, because I think that there's been a lot more progress specifically in the Bay Area around sexuality and for such a long time, too, that basically everyone is really fluid with it, where I come from, even the people who present really straight or who present really heteronormative, they usually are still down to get a little gay, you know? But with transness, it always felt like more of a fresh thing and it wasn't as guaranteed that it was going to be accepted. And so it instilled a ton of anxiety in me about proving to myself and everyone else that I was trans. I think a lot of the problem, too, is that I was consuming a lot of turf content online, and so I was just constantly freaking out about whether or not being non-binary or genderqueer was even a real thing, and was I lying to myself? And if I was lying to myself, why did it feel so real? And I don't know. 

I don't know if that touches on what you mean exactly, but that's my answer, I guess. Those are the exact trajectories I'm going to go in with the next few questions. Okay, cool, cool. 

And in that case, I guess this is also a follow-up question, but can you talk a little bit about your home community and how you're presenting yourself there specifically as opposed to here? Yeah, I was really obsessed with the idea of social masculinity or androgyny, or the way that men operated in relationships and social situations, and so my exterior appearance has never been a huge source of dysphoria, because I like my body. I feel comfortable in it, I just don't like the way people look at it or perceive it, and I don't like the way that they make assumptions about how to interact with me based on it. But on the other hand, I feel a lot of social dysphoria. 

I really hate when I'm in a group setting and I feel myself getting cast as woman or girl, and I think that that was way more intense in my hometown versus here, because here I was able to start to undo that. I was like, what does that even mean? Why do I even care? I think that's just growth as a person in college, you know? But back home, yeah, I always felt like a lot of pressure to feel like the most masculine in a situation, especially because I was hanging out with a lot of women and trans people, non-binary people. So that just made me an asshole though, because men kind of suck, and so I just was kind of a dick. 

Regrets, total regrets. Yeah, what is that idea of masculinity to you? Is it something- because you mentioned being cast as woman in a group setting, and to me it sounds like what you're saying is that the male body is neutral and not really being cast as anything? Right, yeah, exactly. It's weird transitioning away from femininity because I understand that a lot of my ideas about femininity are not rooted in the actual truth, they're actually rooted in these ideas we have of, like you said, feminine as other, or feminine as noticeable, and male as unnoticeable, and male as neuter, exactly stuff like that. 

And I don't know, especially when I was in my adolescence more fully, I was really into the idea that I could just be places more anonymously, and I think that's super tied up with transitioning and transness altogether. So yeah, I'm not sure if I would present this exactly if we were living in a society that didn't treat women the way that they did, but anyway, what was the question? No, you're articulating this really well, thank you. And then the last of this kind of trifecta is, how do you present yourself online, and how is it similar to the way you present yourself in person, both here in college and in your hometown? When I was in high school I was a pretty big Instagrammer, I was doing a lot of Instagram, and there was this weird art kid Instagram movement that was like, post the grossest, most disgusting, disturbing shit you possibly can all the time, and have this weird feed of all these artsy, strange images. 

So I definitely bought into that, and I'm not sure what that said about me, but something very, very peculiar probably. And now, I don't know, I took a lot of pictures down because I don't feel like it's possible to capture a person on Instagram as much as we wish that it was, and I mostly just post pictures of stuff I think is interesting, because I want my friends to know about my brain instead of like, my face, you know? That makes sense. Yeah. 

In that case, were you able to kind of find community through this internet space, and yeah, what did that community look like online? Like in high school? Yeah, or now, even. Um, yeah, oh yeah, there's answers to both of those questions. In high school, yes I was, but it was weird, because it was like, all based on aesthetics and like, performing weirdness instead of actually being weird, or like performing differences, or being alternative, but like, actually everyone had the same root fears as everybody else.

Like, it was like this mad drive to just be as individual as possible, but I don't think that's like, a useful way to spend your energy really. Um, but then now, I also found a community, but it's way more genuine, because it is like, genuinely really cool, special people. Like, I'm really, I'm studying religious studies, right? So I'm friends with all these people who will just post like, the most insane quotes from monks and nuns, and like, weird pictures of them, and like, we're all talking about the side wound of Christ. 

Have you seen stuff about that? Yeah. Yeah. So it's just like, really fun. 

I like it way better like that. So it sounds like you're coming from this community where it's very performative, like, you want to come across as intellectual and kind of pretentious. Yeah. 

And then you move from that into a community that's like, genuinely passionate about the weird. Yeah. Yeah. 

And not afraid to be weird about it, and not afraid to be unattractive about it, because like, I don't know, like, hi, I'm doing an interview for an AI video. I can pause this and y'all can cut this off. Okay. 

I have no idea where we left off, so I'm just gonna gay something something training. Yeah, something something. But I think, yeah, the question to build off all the questions of like, you talked a bit about how you're presenting yourself online, in person Ivy, and in person growing up, your hometown.

But in your opinion, like, which one of those spaces do you feel most comfortable presenting yourself in? And totally here. Yeah. Here as in like, UCSB or? UCSB, yeah. 

Like IRL in person in the flesh? Yeah. Well, yeah, definitely in the flesh and in UCSB, not online in the Bay Area, or any of the other combinations. Yeah. 

How so? How come? I feel like there's plenty of people who are really knocked down with the gay and trans stuff here, which was not really the case in my hometown. So that's a pretty significant thing. But on the other hand, everyone I've met who is gay and trans here is so much more open and accepting and caring and understanding of the fact that gender and sexuality is something that's like really difficult to for everyone to work through and pin down. 

And they're just, I don't know, there's a lot more genuine feelings about it. So yeah. You also mentioned like, growing up, this is more of a specific question, reading a lot of like, TERF rhetoric. 

Yeah. How did that shape your understanding of yourself and your own gender and sexuality? Oh god, I have to read this. No. 

Maybe I'll just put a new one. Um, yeah, I don't think that it shaped my understanding of myself, thank god. But it did always give me this like, kind of creeping fear that I wasn't real.

Or that I was lying to myself or other people. Or that, um, hey, more people. Okay. 

In that case, um, do you want to get back to talking about horrible TERF stuff? Or next question. It was just like the most possible, the most damaging thing that a young, especially a young trans mass person could be looking at. Not that I really use that term, but at the time, like, just like, so fucked up. 

It was terrible. Yeah, that's all. It just gave me a lot of self-doubt. 

Yeah, fair. Um, and then my final, like, bring everything together question is, having talked about your experience presenting both in person and online, what do you think the future of gender identity online is going to look like? And how do you think that's going to shape real world presentation? Which is kind of a big question. So if you don't have an answer, I think in general, just like the, what does that sprays? The, the network of gossip, like spreading the way that we connect with people and the way we talk about things with people is just getting bigger and bigger and bigger. 

And I think that leaves a lot of space for people to recognize the fact that there's like a lot of trans people in the world. And that's important. Um, so I think that I feel positively about that. 

On the other hand, there are aspects that seem like more dangerous because while that's what I'm seeing now, because I'm like purposefully steering away from spaces that I don't feel good in. Like there's also the, the same things going on in the other direction, if that makes sense. Like people are also spreading some really hateful stuff. 

And I don't think that we would be seeing the same like legislative changes to trans rights if it weren't for social media and people just getting really fired up about like fake information or out of context information, stuff like that. You use the phrase network of gossip. I haven't heard that before. 

It's a, it's from, um, Robert Harrison's reading of, uh, Thoreau by his reading of Walden by Thoreau. And it's like this idea that as human beings, like we determine our place in the world by a network of gossip, like ideas exchanged with other human beings. And that's how we like build societies and build like concepts of ourselves and build concepts of the world. 

But then it takes like a severance from that to actually find the truths of those things for yourself. Pretty cool. I wrote an essay about it one time.

Can you talk about that essay? Oh yeah. Well, it was, it was funny. It was, um, it was looking at Harrison's reading of Thoreau versus Hegel, freedom and alienation, because Hegel's whole deal is like, well, I don't know Hegel's whole deal, but like on this specific matter, he was talking about the fact that in order to actualize as a person and become free, you need to like integrate with society and look at what's around you and recognize yourself in it.

Like you need to look at this, at the scope of human history and be like, those are human beings. I'm a human being. This is how I make myself make things meaningful. 

You know? So by that metric, if you have more access to information, you're able to get the truth. Right. Closer to the truth.

Right. Exactly. So it's, it's like the way that you actualize is by going deeper into society and seeing more things and recognizing more things and making more connections.

But then on the other hand, Thoreau, Walden, the whole idea of Walden is like, how about, let's just leave and live in the woods by ourselves and not talk to anybody, even though that's not what he actually did. Like in real life, he was a total, a total hack, but like the idea of it's cool and correct. You know, you go out to nature and you see something that's alien from yourself. 

And then Harrison's idea is that like through being next to that alien force, like, like the incomprehensible, inhuman, massive, awesome, marvelous powers of nature. That's when you're like, that's that. And I'm me, which is obviously the, like the one that makes more sense to me. 

But yeah. Which, which one do you personally, I mean, you answered it, but like, yeah. I mean, do you feel more like a human being when you spend all your time around other people and talking to people and like super enmeshed in society? Or do you feel more like a human being when you go off by yourself and think in nature? I think now the interviewer gets interviewed. 

I think honestly the first one, because I feel like understandable if I talk to a bunch of different people and I get to see the world through how they experience it, I can kind of contextualize my own opinions with what they're doing. But then there's a danger of like, oh, everyone's doing X, so I must be doing X. Right. And also I realized that it's not the network of gossip. 

It's the circuit of rumor. That's what it's called. It just came back to me, but that's the circuit of rumor. 

But I feel like my issue with that is like you said, it's easy. It's more difficult to dig up what you're actually thinking and what you're actually feeling because like the circuit of rumor is all powerful. Like all of your ideas about everything, like life and death and love and relationships and gender and sexuality. 

Like it's all like, because other people are talking to you about it and you're seeing it in school and in class and with your friends. And like, I think that's an essential part of understanding things is like picking things up from other people. But I also think that in order to actually understand something fully, you need to take time by yourself. 

And it's impossible to be by yourself when you're around other people. So that's why I need to go to the woods. That was really well articulated. 

Sure. Yeah. I mean, I wrote a paper on it, so it was just like already floating around in my head. 

That's fair. In that case, like the internet can be like exposing you to the circuit of rumor, but exposing you to a very small slice of it. And then that right slice becomes overwhelming. 

Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how the internet would work into that. 

I would need to think about that more, but like just off the top of my head. Yeah. I feel like the internet is the ultimate circuit of rumor because like it's all rumor and they're your ways of like figuring out what's real and false are even more perverted than they are in real life. 

Because in real life, like at least when you speak to somebody, you accept their ideas because you trust them and because you know them, like your teacher, there's like a relationship of trust there. And same with your friends. Like you're picking, there's like a contract between the two of you. 

We're spending time with each other because we enjoy each other's company, you know? But then online, like the rumor that the, what was that? What I just said? Circuit of rumor. Right. The circuit of rumor like is divorced from any kind of interpersonal connection. 

So you're just like accepting all these ideas without having the right metric to like weed out what you believe and what you don't. And it can be so fucking confusing. So yeah. 

Yeah. That was really well articulated. And then as this comes to a close, do you have any other ideas or thoughts that you want to express? Um, I think I got it.

Thank you. Thanks for interviewing me. In that case. 

Thank you. I will send you progress updates, let you know how it goes. Please do. 

But yeah, this interview itself is going to stay confidential. Just the works produced from it will go out into the world. Cool.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai - Go Unlimited to remove this message)