It goes wrong? Okay, we're good. And then the second question I was going to ask is, how does that differ from how you present at home? What's your experience been like in your home community that's not here in this wonderful little college bubble? Well, I'm from LA and so it's like a pretty big and like diverse city. So I think it's not like, it's definitely not worse.
I don't know, I haven't, I haven't really been, I haven't looked like this there yet. In high school, in high school I wore a uniform also and so there wasn't really much room for like expression. I did wear the khakis instead of the skirt which they let us do after like two years and I did shave my head. 
So I did attend my catholic school with a buzz cut and khakis. Skater. Um, which, that was interesting because people generally were like normal about it. 
Like I never really, I mean I'm sure people were weirded out but no, not to my face. But there were a lot of like straight girls who would come up to me and like compliment my buzz cut and be like, I've always wanted to do that but I'm too scared that like my head is a weird shape or something. So I think that was interesting because I didn't know how many like cishet women want to shave their heads. 
Like I, I don't know and I was always like you should, just do it. Like what is stopping you? Um, yeah. I don't know, I think, I'm not, I don't know. 
I don't get like acknowledged a lot on the street in general. Like, I never know. I never know if like the way that people treat me is like because of anything about me or like just it's regular. 
Because no one has ever like, like cool to me or anything. I think that, I don't know, people just mostly ignore me. But like people just ignore each other.
So, yeah. I don't know. And then the third question in this trifecta is how do you typically present yourself online? Whether that's like verbally, photographically, what's your online persona look like? It's a good question. 
Um, well, okay. I, I always go or generally go by they/them online. Um, usually like in classes and stuff, I just say them. 
Okay. Um, like in person because I don't, I don't know how to explain being a lesbian and using feminine pronouns to people. Especially like, just like someone in my class at UCSB or whatever.
And I still don't know how I feel about like cis people that like don't know humanly. Like something about it kind of feels not right sometimes. Because I feel like I just need people to understand the like complexity of it. 
And so I think that's part of it is online with my internet friends who are almost exclusively non-binary lesbians. Nice. Like me. 
Um, I think that they understand. Like I, there's, I don't really have to explain myself. I think in a way that I sometimes do, or at least feel like I do in person. 
Um, I probably, I think I present a little more like confidently online. Um, but I think it's generally not that different. I think I also, I use a lot of like internet speak.
Um, that feels embarrassing to like say out loud, but I talk with, I talk online with the cadence of someone who has been on Tumblr since I was 13 years old. Um, if that answers your question. It does. 
In that case, I think I know what the answer is going to be, but what space do you feel most comfortable presenting yourself in? Um. Or letting yourself be perceived in, I guess. Like physical versus online? Yeah. 
Like physical here in I.V., physical, like back home or online. I think. Wow. 
Thank you. I think online to a degree. Um, I probably feel the most like comfortable and like myself when I'm just like at home with my girlfriend, we live together and I, it's, that's when I feel the least like I'm like performing or like putting on something. 
Um, I think that's actually, I think she's the reason that I started like kind of presenting myself more masculine and like dressing more masculine. Um, I just kind of ended up taking on that like role in the relationship. Um, and I, I don't know, I know I didn't realize that like I was allowed to do that or that I wanted to, but it, it just, it ended up feeling really right. 
So I think that's when I feel the most comfortable. I don't I have, I've been thinking for a while about like, if I would describe myself as like butch, because I've always thought that like, I've always loved butch identity and like the idea of it, but I don't know if it, I don't know if I fit it. I don't know if it fits me. 